docs(replays): Add blueprint for replay-viewed endpoints (#67164)
getsentry/sentry: src/sentry/replays/blueprints/api.md

    ]
  }
  ```

> ## Replays Viewed Status [/organizations/<organization_slug>/replays-viewed/]

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
## Replays Viewed Status [/organizations/<organization_slug>/replays/viewed-status/]
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should do `/replays/viewed-status/` because it'll conflict with the existing `/replays/(?P<replay_id>[\w-]+)/` route that we have. If both routes are defined then the order they are defined will really matter, and it's not worth the hassle that we will have to deal with. It's a slightly less good url, but `/replays-viewed/` will help to avoid problems later.

- Parameters

  - project (optional, string)

>   - id (required, array[string]) - The id of the replay to retrieve. Can be specified multiple times. A maximum of 100 id's can be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - id (required, string) - The id(s) of the replay to retrieve. To specify multiple ids, use the format `?id=a&id=b ...`. A maximum of 100 id's can be specified.
```

### Browse Replays Viewed Status [GET]

> Returns a collection of replays and their viewed state. The user is targeted based on the authorization context. Replay-ids are specified in the URL parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a collection of replay-ids and their viewed state. The user is targeted based on the authorization context. The returned ids are the same as those specified in the URL parameters -- excluding nonexistent ids.  
```

Author: We still want to include non-existent ids.  If the user hasn't viewed a replay yet a row won't exist and we should return false.

Reviewer: Updated suggestion

Reviewer 2: can we update the example response with this case?

> Returns a collection of replays and their viewed state. The user is targeted based on the authorization context. Replay-ids are specified in the URL parameters.

Reviewer 2: This'll be a good place to re-use our existing `useAggregatedQueryKeys` javascript function to fetch results in batches.

**Attributes**

| Column   | Type   | Description                                              |
| -------- | ------ | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| id       | string | A replay-id.                                             |

> | has_seen | bool   | Returns true if the authorized user has seen the replay. |

Reviewer 2: can we specify the max number of ids that will be allowed?

Author: Specified on line 617.

- Request

  - Headers

    Cookie: \_ga=GA1.2.17576183...

- Response 200

  ```json
  {
    "data": [
      {
        "id": "81220fbf68494b30a5129ceb4cc5937d",
        "has_seen": true
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

> ## Replay Viewed By [/organizations/<organization_slug>/replays/<replay_id>/viewed/]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Replay Viewed By [/organizations/<organization_slug>/replays/<replay_id>/viewed-by/]
```
